layer-lettering to handle 2 "digits" (up to 700 layers) (#1850)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: CHANGES.rst

- Prevent duplicate labels by changing duplicate number appended
  to label to max number (of duplicates) plus 1. [#1824]

> - Layer lettering now supports up to 700 layers. [#1850]

Reviewer: Would this be clearer?
```suggestion
- Layer lettering now supports up to 702 layers. Beyond that, special characters are used. [#1850]
```

Author: sure, I'm not sure that users care about the difference, but is at least good bookkeeping for ourselves
